Chapter 21: How Can You Tell If It's a Fake Excuse Note

Friends, grandmas, extraterrestrials — honestly, I have no idea whether this counts as a legitimate excuse note or not.

Grandma, please put down your shoe first and let me explain myself for a moment — then you can decide whether or not to hold back from squashing me like a cockroach.

I was originally supposed to fly out yesterday. I checked the weather that morning — Shanghai was bright and sunny — and I was actually pretty happy about it. I trotted off to Pudong Airport, figuring I could sneak into some quiet corner during the wait and type away. I had it all planned out; I was even willing to spring for a lounge pass just to get some writing done.

After all that hassle getting there, I pulled out my phone and — well, guess what — the flight had been cancelled.

Apparently Guangdong was under an orange thunderstorm alert. Really goes to show how warmly it was welcoming me home.

But I couldn't just sit there and become a Shanghai local, could I? I still had to get back. So I immediately applied to rebook — and then spent a goddamn two hours waiting for that rebooking to go through, fielding calls and refreshing flight info the whole time. Two hours later, I successfully got rebooked onto a 9:30 PM flight that same night — except it was departing from Hongqiao Airport.

Right then. Off to Hongqiao.

Every Didi driver in Shanghai must be burning incense and praying for my continued patronage.

I got to Hongqiao Airport and looked at the departures board — there was a new line of text. Right above "Scheduled departure: 21:35," someone had added "Estimated departure: 23:35." I mean, is that even a language humans use? Are we playing a game of who knows the most synonyms for the same thing? I already had a bad feeling at that point. After all, Guangdong's rainstorm doesn't discriminate — but what could I do? I couldn't just sit in the airport waiting to see when this plane might actually take off. I decided to book a hotel.

I'm not staying overnight anyway, so I'll just get the cheapest one available — maybe in a few hours I'll be on my way. I thought to myself, naively.

So I dragged my luggage into a cab and got dropped off somewhere that looked less like Shanghai and more like a county town. The place was genuinely close to the airport — massive planes thundered past so low they practically grazed my scalp, nearly blowing my hairpiece right off (years of furious typing having thinned my hair at the ripe age of eighteen). I took a few photos of the planes while I was at it. Couldn't let the trip be a total waste.

Checked in, opened the door to my room, walked right back out — why? To go buy disposable toilet seat covers. The toilet seat ring was so yellow it looked like it had been lacquered in aged braising stock. Obviously the residue of years upon years of someone else's business.

Right. This is what over three hundred yuan gets you in a hotel. I am, undeniably, in Shanghai.

And then — you'll never guess — the universe heard me say I wasn't staying overnight. The second flight was delayed. Delayed until five in the morning.

Even an owl can't pull an all-nighter like that!!!

I rebooked a second time, this time to eleven o'clock this morning.

And so there I stood, hugging my bag, stranded in that hotel room, trapped in my own private siege, realizing I truly was going to be spending the night here. If I'd known it would come to this, why didn't I book somewhere decent? Heaven is out to get me. I first put the door chain on (something I never do), then peeled back the blanket to inspect the sheets — the sheets were fine, at least they looked white.

By this point it was already late in the evening. Not a single word written, and utterly drained in body and spirit, I reached my hand down to feel the mattress.

…Where was my mattress?

One spring, then another — poking, jabbing — what in the world were these things made of, diamond-forged steel coils? Don't mattresses normally have padding on top of the springs? Where was the padding?? I could feel every individual spring right through the bed sheet — I could practically take their pulse — WHERE WAS MY PADDING?!?!

I genuinely felt like crying. You want to know how I made it through that night? I pulled the blanket back out and used it as a mattress pad. Lying on top of the blanket, the sensation was roughly equivalent to lying on a sidewalk.

Then I pulled one end of the blanket out from underneath me, wrapped it around my sides, and turned myself into a human burrito. That way I had both a mattress and a blanket — one item doing double duty — and only then could I actually sleep.

By this point I had written a grand total of three hundred words and was completely exhausted. I closed my eyes just after nine. Falling asleep that early was frankly disrespectful to the neighbors next door.

So around ten o'clock, I heard it. You think a hotel has only so many kinds of sounds. You'd be wrong.

I heard a pair of high heels clacking down the hallway — clack, clack, clack — for at least twenty laps back and forth (no carpet), and then a door slammed, boom, and whoever it was went inside. What followed was the sound of someone moving furniture.

I was half-asleep, and even in my dreams I was wondering: how are you moving furniture? The desks and beds in hotel rooms are all bolted to the floor — so what in the world was that heavy thing scraping across the floor??

And why did it go on for a full half hour?! Were they renovating the place??

What on earth were the other guests in this hotel here for???

Anyway, long story short, I made it through the night. Once I post this little situation report, I'll have to pack up all my bags again and head back to the airport. I'm exhausted, bleary-eyed, and strongly suspect I smell (too scared to shower in that room)… Landing time is estimated at around two in the afternoon. If we actually land on time, there might be an update tonight. If there's another delay, I'm going to go throw myself into the Huangpu River.

And after everything I went through on this trip to Shanghai — you think it's over once I get back?

No. I didn't finish what I came to do. I have to come back again on the 8th, after the holiday.

Wonderful. I'm just here to temper my spirit and experience life to its fullest.
