Chapter 191: Mai Minghe Accidentally Corners the Doctor

Although Mai Minghe was eager to find her first Artifact client, the most pressing matter was still to take care of her body's needs: treatment, food, sleep—any one of those could come first.

Since Reed Hydes was more seriously injured and had to be treated first, she decided to go along with him to see the doctor.

Having a phone was convenient—when he called a cab and it was nearly downstairs, one phone call was all it took for Mai Minghe to head down and wait. Once she sold the Artifact, she'd have to get herself a smartphone too.

"What's this?"

The moment he got in the car, Reed Hydes found a paper bag pushed into his arms.

"I figured you had to be starving," Mai Minghe said, sitting down and pulling the car door shut. "I made you some toast sandwiches, and there's a box of juice too."

"Isn't this an elementary school lunch?"

Reed Hydes seemed both amused and a little embarrassed, and had just started handing the paper bag back when his stomach let out a long, gurgling tirade against him. After Mai Minghe urged him a couple of times, he sheepishly took out the sandwich, bit off a large mouthful, and mumbled while chewing: "…It's like I suddenly have a grandmother."

"Too bad there's no Ice Cream to feed," Mai Minghe watched him, clearly pleased. "I just love watching animals… and people eat."

"You didn't forget to bring money, did you?" Reed Hydes glanced at the sandwich and said.

"The money in my account—I withdrew it all." There hadn't been much to begin with; originally it had been enough to last her to the end of her days.

"Huh? You know how to use an ATM?"

Even the driver in the front seat couldn't help glancing up at Mai Minghe in the rearview mirror—who would be that shocked that a woman who looked to be in her twenties could use an ATM?

"Have you never spent time around elderly people?"

Mai Minghe wasn't afraid of being overheard; let the driver be confused—he'd never be able to make sense of it anyway. "As I recall, ATMs existed back in the seventies."

Reed Hydes smiled sheepishly, a smear of mayonnaise at the corner of his mouth. "My grandmother's generation all passed away quite early—I never got to meet any of them."

The clinic that catered mainly to Hunters was located in an old building in the Little Italy District. Fortunately the elevator ran around the clock, which was the only way two people who couldn't scrape together a single good pair of legs between them could make it up to the third floor.

Reed Hydes had already made an appointment with the doctor before they came; even though the front desk was unmanned and the lights were dim throughout, the clinic door was unlocked. He pushed it open and called out: "Dr. Nate?"

Mai Minghe had imagined that a doctor who treated Hunters for a living must be something else entirely—would he look like a gangster? A tough guy? Or some kind of mad scientist?

What walked out was just an ordinary man, looking as though the weight of life had been pressing down on a main artery, draining all the color from his face; he looked more like a patient than a doctor.

Then again, being called in before five in the morning to deal with injuries, his complexion was bound to be poor.

A thick stack of newspapers was piled on the desk in the office, which made Mai Minghe feel oddly at home. These days, even the little kiosks selling newspapers and magazines seemed to have vanished from the streets of Blackmoor City.

But for some reason, the dates on all the newspapers appeared to be the same day—it seemed Dr. Nate had bought every edition of every paper for that one day.

"Dr. Nate, how have things been lately?" Reed Hydes was remarkably good at tolerating pain; even with a bone fracture, he could still draw in a hiss of cold air and make small talk with the doctor.

Dr. Nate glanced at Mai Minghe and let out a long sigh. "A new Hunter?"

His eye for people was that sharp?

"I told him," Reed Hydes said.

The thought that she could now be introduced to others as a Hunter gave Mai Minghe a small, involuntary surge of pride.

"I truly don't understand what you Hunters are made of," Dr. Nate shook his head, studying the X-ray. "This line of work isn't something a normal person can endure, and yet you just keep throwing yourselves into it, one after another… I've had enough, for my part. I'm planning to retire soon."

"Why the sudden thought of retiring?"

Dr. Nate seemed reluctant to get into it. "…I'm pretty sure there are no Hunters in the Bahamas."

He disliked Hunters so much—so why had he started working with them in the first place?

Puzzled, Mai Minghe looked up and, over the back of the doctor as he bent down to apply the splint, caught Reed Hydes's eye.

Strictly speaking, why the doctor wanted to retire had nothing to do with either of them; if this doctor retired, they could just find another one.

But at that moment, it hadn't yet occurred to Mai Minghe that if she ignored everything that didn't concern her, she would never make it as a Hunter—because Artifacts could be hidden beneath any surface.

"Doctor, you've had this clinic open for about twenty years, haven't you?" Reed Hydes asked.

"That's right."

"So who was it that suddenly made you think this Hunter business was frightening?" He made no effort to conceal his curiosity. "Some people really have no consideration for others."

Dr. Nate was quiet for a moment, and only after he finished applying the splint did he say: "Someone like Chase Monroe… it's gone beyond 'no consideration.' He's too ruthless in what he does."

She had no idea who that was—some Hunter, presumably—and Mai Minghe let her gaze drift back over the pile of newspapers on the desk.

Dr. Nate surely had a smartphone. She'd heard there was nothing you couldn't find on a smartphone, yet he had still gone out and bought every edition of every newspaper for that day… When someone couldn't afford to miss a single source of information, whatever it was, it was no small matter.

"Are you worried that something is about to come to light?" Mai Minghe asked.

The shock made Dr. Nate's face practically leap off his skull.

"Chase Monroe…" Reed Hydes murmured under his breath, "the number-two man in the Key House Faction. I've heard about his brutal methods too. But if he pulled you into something, the payout would certainly have been substantial… ah, no wonder you can suddenly afford to retire, Doctor."

Even without knowing who was who in Hunter circles, Mai Minghe understood one thing: if Reed Hydes said the payout was "substantial," then it was definitely not some simple, above-board piece of good fortune.

"Someone didn't end up dead, did they?" she ventured cautiously. "You saw something, Doctor?"

"You don't know Chase Monroe's reputation," Reed Hydes said. "Odds are it did involve a death. My guess is Dr. Nate is afraid the whole thing will blow up and he'll end up an accessory."

"And that is exactly why I can't stand you Hunters!"

Dr. Nate slammed the prescription sheet down on the desk and lost his temper: "Every last one of you is like you've got some kind of compulsion—catch one whiff of something and you'll track it all the way back to your great-great-grandmother's grave. Not one more word out of either of you. If this gets out, don't think I won't drag you both down with me."

Both of them fell silent; but Mai Minghe, lips pressed tightly together, still couldn't entirely suppress the corners of her mouth.

"What are you so happy about?" Reed Hydes asked.

"Does this mean I have a bit of a Hunter's instinct?" Mai Minghe asked, smiling.

"Seems like it," Reed Hydes smiled too. "Coming out with an Artifact on your first time into the Nest—that really is something."

Strictly speaking it had been the second time, but the difference was small enough that Mai Minghe felt she could accept the compliment without too much guilt. Dr. Nate was displeased, but treatment still had to continue; while he attended to Mai Minghe's injuries, she and Reed Hydes chatted idly back and forth, and the conversation drifted to the Black Heart Restaurant.

"…I only just found out—they can actually go out to sea, and they fish out there. It seems to correspond to the Central Bay area of Blackmoor City— ow!"

Mai Minghe cried out in pain and pulled her foot back, looking at Dr. Nate in front of her—she found his expression was even worse than her own. "What's wrong? You nearly took a strip of skin right off me."

"You two… you're not here with some ulterior motive, are you?" His eyes had darkened several shades, and he turned them back and forth between the two of them. "What did you hear? Why did you come to me?"

Both of them were more bewildered than the other.

"Ulterior motive?" Reed Hydes said. "We came to get patched up, obviously."

"Then what was she just talking about—something about going out to sea from Central Bay—what did she mean by that?"

Reed Hydes had said before that people who dealt with Hunters generally understood the Nest only in a vague, surface-level way—unless a Hunter was willing to take the trouble to explain it all; and even then, no Hunter would dare claim to know the Nest inside and out—there were even people who could deal with Hunters regularly while still refusing to believe the Nest existed.

Mai Minghe didn't know how much Dr. Nate knew, but at that moment, she had no time to think about whether she should say more or less.

Because in that instant, a fragment of information from the Nest—perhaps because it had finally found a connection—drove itself sharply into her mind, carrying its own momentum, and tumbled out of her mouth before she could stop it.

"The sea of Blackmoor City is something special. Although Nest Residents cannot come ashore into Blackmoor City through the sea, there are times when Residents, while out at sea, can dredge up things that have sunk into Blackmoor City's waters and bring them into the Nest."

Dr. Nate stared at her blankly, then instinctively turned his head and looked at the thick pile of newspapers on the desk.

It was as if an answer had finally fallen into his hands, and he didn't know whether to be afraid or relieved.

"You two… you should go," he said, setting down the bandage and pointing toward the door. "I just remembered—there's something urgent I need to take care of."

I'm quite fond of this sort of chapter with a slice-of-life feel (?)—even if it does risk feeling like filler… 2,600 characters; if this were a TV drama, it would probably fill about ten minutes of screen time.

On another note, there have been a few small good things lately, like buying three pieces of clothing for forty yuan, and finding the haircut that was destined for my soul.

No matter how many days I go without washing my hair, I wake up every morning with fluffy, voluminous hair! I never used to wear my hair down because it looked bad, but now I finally understand how people feel when they head out the door with their hair down…

It feels like the eighteen-or-so years before I met this hairdresser were all wasted—I'll go wherever she goes; I'm half-tempted to propose to her.

Grateful Saturday (double edition)

I'm sorry, dear readers, because I haven't been sleeping well, there were a few Saturdays I quietly glossed over, shamelessly pretending nothing had happened—looking back, that's what you call taking advantage of people's goodwill.

Today, in addition to the (long-overdue) thank-you chapter, there is also a Silver Game extra chapter, which has already been posted! It's at the very front of the book in the related works section (updates to that section don't trigger a notification—ugh).

Today I am doubly devoted and doubly smooth.

Today's thank-you chapter is a bit different—rumor has it that Hunters in Blackmoor City have received a mission connected to thank-you gifts, and the Nest has grown a little restless.

It's not that the Residents especially want to thank anyone—it's that they always suspect whoever expresses gratitude is the one who ends up with the money. The logic is backwards, but you can't exactly say they're wrong, can you.

So today's thank-you chapter is mainly the Residents testing the waters, while also drumming up some sponsorship for the Nest—to see if any readers out there would be willing to become their long-term patrons.

"Isn't this the September thank-you list?"

The Slender Patient lifted a sheet of paper with its equally slender fingers, and its heel-like eyeballs rotated a few times.

"Has there been a time lag between the Nest and reality? It's already November on our end… hm? Oh? There's a delay? So they're even late with their thanks? What unruly humans."

"My billing tier is high, so I'm starting with the biggest donors," it said, looking over the thank-you list, its heels lighting up.

"Gunsmith Rousseau! Always such generous donations! Humans waited a whole two months to organize a thank-you—which proves humans don't deserve you at all. Don't you agree? We Residents are far more considerate, far more appreciative."

Dream Playwright leaned in for a look as well—to express surprise, it had specifically swapped to the face of a pretty girl, eyes wide open.

"As long as you sponsor our Nest, we can report your donations around the clock, twenty-four hours a day." The elongated patient said gently, "What else do you like? Do you like tuna? We have an ocean too. I can also arrange Residents to dress up as tuna and do a gunsmith's shuttle right at your feet. What a pity Rousseau died too soon — can't drag him into the Nest..."

"That might have to be a bonus chapter," the Dream Playwright said, its blank face lighting up. "I can write the bonus chapter content."

"I'd be willing to star in it," the elongated patient said. "You have to come watch. Mm... next one is..."

"The tall-tall fish?"

The elongated patient shot upright from the waist, its legs still lying flat on the bed.

"A long-term gold patron! Someone who speaks my language — look, I'm tall too, aren't I? Come visit the Nest sometime, and we can discuss how to get taller and taller, the taller the better, so tall you could reach out and strangle someone on the 30th floor just like that."

Its gaze — well, its foot-gaze — looked downward, seemingly bracing itself for a phonetic challenge.

"Thank you, Csmshksdaaa..." it said, one letter at a time. "Though saying your name takes a full minute, we Residents have nothing if not long lives. Besides, we're usually free with nothing to do. I am willing, with my low, phlegm-laden voice, to call out to you again and again — what are you doing?"

The Dream Playwright withdrew its hand, tilted up its blank face, and said, "Humans don't seem to like phlegmy voices."

"Isn't that even better — it's supposed to make them suffer — oh right, I'm soliciting sponsorships."

The elongated patient looked rather troubled.

"French girl Meixiang," it said, then stopped and smacked its lips. After a moment's thought, it said it again: "French girl Meixiang..."

"What is it?"

"Nothing, it's just that as a gold patron, she has a certain charm... a certain flavor... she seems like she might taste very good..."

"You can't eat her."

"Oh, thank you... French girl Meixiang."

The Dream Playwright took the thank-you list out of the elongated patient's hands — the patient was still slowly savoring the name.

"Let me take over. Next up is — oh my, Little Yi's Grain Storehouse? This must be a new gold patron, right? An unfamiliar face, which means you haven't taken the wrong path for very long yet and haven't become inextricably entangled with humans. It's not too late to turn back now and come over to the Nest."

Across its blank face drifted an expression of someone who felt they had said something quite good. Never mind how that expression got there — it was there.

"Next, thank you, Firefly Flood the City. See, it's a good thing I fetched the list in time, because Patient Brother simply cannot appreciate this kind of aesthetic. Those of us in literary arts have a deeper feel for the imagery of your name... but words alone don't count for much — come to the Nest yourself, and I'll light up every warning sign for you, fill the whole city with howling in your honor."

It turned a page, then swapped on a gentle face — it truly did swap on Mai Minghe's face — and said, "Oh, the next three seem to be regulars in the seats of honor for this chapter.

"Thank you, Messenger AtRnoname, Three-Drinks-Love-Red-Bean-Cake, and Catch-a-Little-Cloud-Cat. May I ask: what is your impression of the Nest? What has moved you to donate so generously and so persistently? Surely it's the Residents, isn't it? Does it really matter who you're tipping? I hope the three of you will think carefully about this — take it from d— take my advice: switch your support to the Nest."

It turned another page.

"Between September 1st and September 20th, there was this much support all along..."

"Thank you, Colorful Dense Fog, Non-Edible Kitten Gummies, Can't Think of a Name, Yuyuan Eats Taro Balls... Always Stand on the Side of the Egg? Why? I could crush an egg with one squeeze.

"Mm, and also: Not at Shejian, One Tail Hair, Junmi Xi, Pengxiao Xi, A Cup of Daydream No Sugar, Pupupi, The World's Third-to-Last Sea Sausage, Qoushi Seventeen... This batch of names also has a note that says 'long-term stable wool supplier' — what does that mean?"

"Thank you, Blackmoor City Resident — wait a moment."

The Dream Playwright stared at the list for a long while, growing a little confused. "This is a resident of Blackmoor City, right? Not one who escaped from the Nest? You're not allowed to sneak in on your own, kid..."

"The next page is... hm? There are this many long-term stable wool suppliers?

"Isn't this the earlier gold patron Luotai 2020? And also, thank you, Ginger Is Sweet, Moheli Rain Owl, Mia Ao, Candy Little Salt Ice, Expects to See Me as I Am...

"Moon Falls into Cotton Candy — how whimsical. And also Qinglin Ohp, Dandelion and Cooking Smoke, Shandong Runaway Excavator — this one's untraceable, is that it — Cat Cat Tail Worm, Foodie Ding Xiaoqi, BMZZ83, Lucky or Not Lucky, The Cat of March Seventh, Thorns of Silence."

The Dream Playwright rattled off all the thanks in one breath, then paused.

"Gratitude, as a behavior, seems somewhat at odds with the nature of us Residents."

From beneath its crookedly worn wig came a suppressed groan. "All this thanking is actually starting to hurt... So, are there any gold patrons willing to sponsor the Nest?"

【Don't forget to check out the bonus game at the beginning of the work, everyone!】
